Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager Microservice 1025.0.0 (#4494)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1025-0-0-fixed-the-available-actions-to-not-allow-any-actions-for-definitions-when-shared-from-an-enterprise-tenant.md

---

> date: ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: "2026-04-09"
```

> title: "Fixed the AvailableActions to not allow any actions for definitions when shared from an enterprise tenant"

Reviewer 2: @lara-c8y Please improve the title

> title: "The AvailableActions fragment must not allow any actions for definitions which are shared from an enterprise tenant"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "The AvailableActions fragment indicates the read-only status for definitions that are shared from an enterprise tenant"
```

> title: "The AvailableActions fragment indicates the read-only status for definitions that are shared from an enterprise tenant"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "AvailableActions fragment indicates the read-only status for definitions shared from an Enterprise tenant"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-2809"
version: "1025.0.0"
---

> When the SharingMode is enabled, all definitions are shared from the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the sharing mode is enabled, all definitions are shared from the
```

> enterprise tenant. When such a definition is requested from a subtenant,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< enterprise-tenant >}}. When such a definition is requested from a subtenant,
```

> enterprise tenant. When such a definition is requested from a subtenant,

Reviewer 2: @lara-c8y Where does "such" refer to?

> it is basically read-only. Therefore all actions in the AvailableActions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
it is basically read-only. Therefore all actions in the `AvailableActions`
```

> it is basically read-only. Therefore all actions in the `AvailableActions`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
it is read-only. Therefore all actions in the `AvailableActions`
```

> it is basically read-only. Therefore all actions in the `AvailableActions`

Reviewer 2: Why "basically"?  I suppose that this comes from some AI and can be removed.

> fragment need to set to false to indicate that it cannot be altered or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
fragment must be set to false to indicate that they cannot be altered or
```
